from 2300 BC Egyptian pharaoh found a
place that he named the cradle of life
and there he found a box which contained
life and death and it has never been
seen since his name is Jonathan rice
he doesn't care who his weapons kill or
why Isis going to find Pandora's box in
the Greek myth that's the sunday-school
version it's a weapon more powerful than
you could ever imagine
who are signed two of our best agents I
don't want them I need an insider
someone who knows their methods their
hideouts
I need Parrish Aaron Craft no guns no
weapons of any kind talk about taking
the fun out of life
so this rock is the map - Pandora's box
darah it's in Africa Africa ideas
men are coming for the box
no one was gone looking for this has
come back
take us to the cradle of life it's your
destiny
to see what's inside
you